# Karma Farma
Copyright 2018 Manpreet Bahl

A Python Flask web application that helps to farm karma faster on both Stack Exchange and Reddit. 

For Stack Exchange, this application utilizes the Stack Exchange API to find recent questions with no answers, filters them based on view count and creation time of the post, and presents it to the user in a tabular fashion. This can be utilized on any of the sites on Stack Exchange.

For Reddit, this application utilizes PRAW (Python Reddit API Wrapper) to interact with the Reddit API. The application utilizes Reddit's OAuth for Authentication and for a more personalized experience. The application will fetch all of the authenticated user's subscribed subreddits in which the user will select one. The application will fetch the 100 newest posts in that selected subreddit and display the results in a tabular fashion.

It's important to note that this is a MVP (Minimal Viable Product). There are plans to enhance this application as detailed in the Future Work section.

##Build Instructions
###Register with Stack Exchange and Reddit
In order to build and run the application, you must first register with Stack Exchange and Reddit.  
1. For Stack Exchange, visit: [https://stackapps.com/apps/oauth/register](https://stackapps.com/apps/oauth/register)  
2. For Reddit, visit: [https://www.reddit.com/prefs/apps](https://www.reddit.com/prefs/apps)  

**IMPORTANT** You will need a Stack Exchange and a Reddit account in order to create and register the application.  

Once you have registered on both Stack Exchange and Reddit, you will need to save the application credentials generated for you.
Create a python file called ```defines.py``` with the following contents:
```python
APIKEY=<Stack Exchange API KEY>
REDDIT_CLIENT_ID=<Reddit App ID>
REDDIT_CLIENT_SECRET=<Reddit App Secret>
REDDIT_CLIENT_REDIRECT_URI=<Reddit App Redirect URI>
```
The ```APIKEY``` is generated by Stack Exchange and given for use after registration is complete with Stack Exchange. It allows for a higher API limit (10,000 API calls) per day. The ```REDDIT_CLIENT_ID``` and ```REDDIT_CLIENT_SECRET``` are given to you once registration is complete with Reddit. The ```REDDIT_CLIENT_REDIRECT_URI``` is the callback URL that the application will make to go back to your application once the user has signed in with Reddit.  

###Install and Create Virutal Environment (Optional)
This step is optional, but highly recommended.  
Install Python3 Pip:  
```
sudo apt-get install python3-pip
```  

Install Python VirtualEnv:  
```
sudo pip3 install virtualenv
```  

Create a virtual environment using Python 3:  
```
virtualenv -p python3 venv
```  
`venv` can be replaced with a name of your own choosing.  

###Install Required Packages
If you have created a virtual environment as mentioned previously, run the following command first:  
```
source env/bin/activate
```  

Install the required Python 3 packages in order for the application to run:  
```
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```  

###Run the application
In order to start the Flask server locally, run the following command:  
```
python3 app.py
```  

This will start the server on `localhost:8080`. If you want to deploy the application to the cloud, refer to the appropriate documentation for the cloud provider of your choice. Support and documentation for cloud deployment will be added to this application at a later time. 

## Future Work
The current ideas for enchancements are:  
1. Incorporate OAuth for Stack Exchange.  
2. Include viewer and text editor for both Stack Exchange and Reddit. The viewer will allow the user to see the contents of the post and the text editor will allow the user to submit a response to that post without having to go directly to Stack Exchange and/or Reddit.  
3. Frontend UI design (colors, fonts, etc.).
4. Real-Time Updates.  
5. Security Enchancements.  
6. Deploy to cloud with build documentations for popular cloud providers.

If you have any other suggestions or ideas, please feel free to open an issue in the Issue tracker.

## License
Karma Farma is licensed under the MIT license. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.
